readme.md, before:

Code Fellows Donut Shop Numbers Thingy.

Attribution:

Fonts:
- Droid Sans, Steve Matteson;
- Vernon Adams, Pontano Sans;
- Vernon Adams, Bevan;

Color Scheme:
- Color Scheme gets attributed solely to Top Pot. Who else am I supposed to think about? Top Pot is there when I step outside in lake union. It's there when I pick my wife up in Bellevue, It's there when I drive home from getting dinner in Kirkland.

I had the idea to start the style basing it off Top Pot's colors and decided to work off the idea that the site would operate as a one page website. The idea to the a simple large banner image came from the donut boxes they have. I thought it might be a sweet idea; I couldn't find a PNG file so I had to make due. I need to clean it up a bit...thanks Top Pot (copyright Top Pot)...and I'd like to add some animation to it. Currently it acts as a button and will drop you straight down to the numbers, although If I were allowed to use a JQuery Library I would provide some attribution to smooth scroll.

Commit message:

new animations, removed redundant divs, adjsuted more px to % in CSS

readme.md, after:

Code Fellows Donut Shop Numbers Thingy.

Attribution:

Fonts:
- Droid Sans, Steve Matteson;
- Vernon Adams, Pontano Sans;
- Vernon Adams, Bevan;

Color Scheme:
- Color Scheme gets attributed solely to Top Pot. Who else am I supposed to think about? Top Pot is there when I step outside in lake union. It's there when I pick my wife up in Bellevue, It's there when I drive home from getting dinner in Kirkland.

Animations:
- Top Pot Logo Animation: http://codepen.io/criarsitewix/pen/FeHkA
- Smooth Scroll (only Jquery on Page): Chris McClean, further attribution in the file.
- Footer I pulled from the reading link and adjusted the transition to fit my application.

I had the idea to start the style basing it off Top Pot's colors and decided to work off the idea that the site would operate as a one page website. The idea to the a simple large banner image came from the donut boxes they have. I thought it might be a sweet idea; I couldn't find a PNG file so I had to make due. I need to clean it up a bit...thanks Top Pot (copyright Top Pot)...and I'd like to add some animation to it. Currently it acts as a button and will drop you straight down to the numbers, although If I were allowed to use a JQuery Library I would provide some attribution to smooth scroll.
